{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\fi360\sl312\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Package from a professor\
\
Rosey... the United States is in peril and I've been asked to help find trusted resources to help. I remembered your strong sense of patriotism and have been following your career in international development and believe you would be a significant addition to our invisible army.  I hope you will step up to protect your country.  \
\
If you accept the risks and challenges of fighting a secret war without the hope of fame or wealth, you will be given a more complete briefing.  But as you consider what you are willing and able to give to your country you need to know a little about the war.  \
\
You've surely noticed a number of vile trends in the news lately.  Increased hate crimes, record levels of corruption in our political offices and a seemingly overwhelming number of politicians willing to sell out for money or too blinded by partisanship to fight the corruption. \
\
These dark forces are not independent.  They are being coordinated by a single extraordinarily powerful force that seeks nothing less than complete world domination and a new world order.  \
 \
If you are up to it, don't write back... it's too risky.  Instead, you will begin to receive messages from our secure line.  These will be calls for help.  It'll always be up to you how to respond.   \
  \
\
\
}