{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\fi360\sl312\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Package from a professor\
\
Rosey... the United States is in peril and I've been asked to help find trusted resources to help. I remember your strong sense of patriotism and have been following your career in international development and believe you would be a significant addition to our field operations agency.  I hope you will step up to protect your country.  \
\
If you accept the risks and challenges of fighting a secret war without the hope of fame or wealth, you will be given a more complete briefing.  But as you consider what you are willing and able to give to your country you need to know a little about the war.  \
\
You've surely been shocked by the number of vile trends in the news lately.  Increased hate crimes, record levels of corruption in our political offices and a seemingly overwhelming number of politicians willing to sell out for money or too blinded by partisanship to fight the corruption.  Our group is tasked with detecting these threats to our democracy before they happen and secure our nation from identified threats.   \
 \
Due to very tight security protocols, I\'92ll be unable to respond to any calls or messages from you.  Instead, a government agent will reach out to you with instructions.\
\
}