{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The invite comes in a tamper resistant envelope. It contains a dossier with Rosey.  The letter is from the handler.  \
\
This letter is highly confidential.  You are being recruited to help the United States in a battle that will determine our long term peace and security. \
\
You have been selected due to your association with one of our recently recruited field agents.   Her real name is confidential, but Victoria Winsalot\'92s dossier is attached.   You\'92ll know her from the information contained.\
\
If you would like to join the Field Ops Agency and work with Victoria, you must apply and pledge support on our website.  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "Http://fieldops.agency/recruit/verification/%5B#"}}{\fldrslt Http://fieldops.agency/recruit/verification/[#}}].\
\
Upon receipt of your application and pledge, we will send you details for an upcoming new recruits meeting.\
\
\'97\'97\
RSVP form\
Do you affirm our assessment of Victoria Winsalot as a capable agent?  \
\
Comment:\
\
Desired Code Name: \
\
Click to Pledge allegiance to our cause.  \
\'97\'97\
\
Passcode:\
\
You are needed at a Dangerous rendezvous at Ruta Del Vino on 4/28 at 5pm. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Friends will be asked join at Ruta Del Vino\
\
I hand drawn logic grid is shredded.   The shreds are included in the invitations.  Players must bring the shreds to the party.\
\
The backside of the grid is printed with a Rothko painting.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
The invite is encrypted with a mexican cipher wheel built in\'85\
\
each invite includes a clue or piece of the story and a cipher and encrypted message that decodes to a URL where Rosey\'92s posts are seen by her guests. This is optional but could be fun for some recipients. \
\
The RSVP is an email address and the guest is asked to send photos of the clue to that address.  Rosey will see these clues at the end of her mission\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Guests are asked to wear their best spy gear\'85 hoodies, suits, sunglasses and raincoats\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}