{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The invite comes in a tamper resistant envelope. It contains a dossier with Rosey.  The letter is from the handler.  \
\
This letter is highly confidential.  You are being recruited to help the United States in a battle that will determine our long term peace and security. \
\
You have been selected due to your association with one of our recently recruited field agents.   Her name is confidential, but her dossier is attached. \
\
To join the fight and learn the details of our secret rendezvous, you must first authenticate and pledge support on our website.  Http://fieldops.agency/recruit/verification/[#]\
\
\'97\'97\
RSVP form\
Do you affirm our assessment of Victoria Winsalot as a capable agent?  \
\
Comment:\
\
Click to Pledge allegiance to our cause.  \
\'97\'97\
\
Passcode:\
\
You are needed at a Dangerous rendezvous at Ruta Del Vino on 4/28 at 5pm. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Friends will be asked join at Ruta Del Vino\
\
I hand drawn logic grid is shredded.   The shreds are included in the invitations.  Players must bring the shreds to the party.\
\
The backside of the grid is printed with a Rothko painting.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
The invite is encrypted with a mexican cipher wheel built in\'85\
\
each invite includes a clue or piece of the story and a cipher and encrypted message that decodes to a URL where Rosey\'92s posts are seen by her guests. This is optional but could be fun for some recipients. \
\
The RSVP is an email address and the guest is asked to send photos of the clue to that address.  Rosey will see these clues at the end of her mission\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Guests are asked to wear their best spy gear\'85 hoodies, suits, sunglasses and raincoats\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}