{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\fi360\sl312\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 What if two spies fell in love and went awol in the middle of a mission and your job is to complete the mission. \
\
The spies are still patriots and help you with the mission. \
\
Twist, you aren't sure if the spies are traitors or not.   \
\
There are two endings.  If you choose to accept the help of the spies and if you don't. \
\
Both positive for the hero but this gives the hero a sense of control in the story. \
\
If you don't accept the help, your handler will direct you to the clues.  \
\
The mission is to prevent a major terrorist attack by discovering the details of the plan and getting them to the agency.  \
\
Villains\
Fear & doubt - Ted faroub \
Uncertainty - Cain nuttery \
At FUD \
\
and Riley, Gregor and Brianna individual hate crimes.  Draw the connection\
\'97 fake social media accounts?\
\
Then intercept messages between them revealing the plot.  Audio recording?   \
\
Enroll\
Step in for Edith and Marcus \
Learn the situation \
Intercept the communications \
Learn the specific threat\
Lay a trap\
Capture counter agents @ Rothko \
Disrupt the plan @ Ruta\
\
\
\'93In the end, when all the pieces are in place,  you'll find me and when you look to the heavens above you'll crack the case wide open.\'94 - Edith to Mark\
\
At the Phillips Collection, a book is given to Rosey\'85 it, combined with keys from friends that meet her there will give her the final location.\
\
The large Jefferson cryptic will be assembled at the party at Ruta Del Vino. The order of the wheels will be defined in a logic puzzle with 11 numbers.\
The correct order will have a row that spells Mark Rothko.  Above that row will be symbols of stars and moons encapsulating the code to open the briefcase. The briefcase can only be opened with that code and the magnetic chess piece. Remove the magnetic chess element out from the hatbox experience earlier.\
\
At the national gallery of art\'85 can the museum be crawling with \'93spies\'94\'85. Friends wearing spy gear and hanging near the exhibit?   \
\
Deaddrop Marks:\
Edith and Marcus use rectangles and rothko art as marks\
The monsters use Chevrons\
The gods use stars\
}