{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\fi360\sl312\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 On a utility box near the geotag is a refrigerator magnet with the same rothko painting that was on his note to her.  Behind the magnet is the following message:\
\'93In the consignment shop there is a package reserved under my name.\'94\
\
 It's a hat box with a woman's fedora and a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://058D127F-A603-4A4B-985A-316A30F496C6"}}{\fldrslt unique scarf}} and a hidden floor.  \
\
In the floor of the box is a collection of letters, photos and news clippings. \
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://611459E1-E0C5-4581-ABFA-BB4067C68BE0"}}{\fldrslt The letters are on the same rothko note cards and have Rothko stamps.  They are addressed to a P.O Box and have different postmark locations and dates.\
}}\
The letters are written by Edith and discuss her findings and drama.  \
\
The news clippings are real and begin to draw the conclusion {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://2D0B5961-AF40-4EA8-AE18-35D509621D3F"}}{\fldrslt Stromens}} Oil is aiming to divide the country on issues of race so they can take control.  They envision a new world order where countries are servants to corporations and believe that they can be the new world power if they accelerate those changes and use the crumbling system to further their goals.   \
\
Her letters connect the dots. \
\
The photos have descriptions of people on the back.  They are suspects in this evil uprising. \
\
\
\
\
}