{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red33\green33\blue33;\red24\green24\blue24;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12941\c12941\c12941;\cssrgb\c9412\c9412\c9412;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\fi360\sl312\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Trees in the area are blazed with chalk in the form of a Rothko outline and an arrow contained within   \
\
Found under a rock near the mark is a tightly bound leather roll marked again with rothco outline.  \
\
The inside has a 1/4 hole punched into it and a ring of strange markings.  \
\
Also inside is a handwritten note addressed to \'93Marcus\'94 and signed by Edith . \
\
Marcus, I hope that it is you reading this note.  I've used all precautions to keep you safe from harm but have been compromised and worry about your safety.  \
It seems certain that I will be captured in the next few hours and I am preparing to take the drastic measures to keep our plans secret.   I find confidence in Nietzsche.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\uc0\u1051 \u1091 \u1095 \u1096 \u1080 \u1081  \u1080 \u1079  \u1074 \u1089 \u1077 \u1093  \u1074 \u1077 \u1097 \u1077 \u1081  \u1095 \u1090 \u1086 -\u1090 \u1086  \u1087 \u1086 \u1083 \u1085 \u1086 \u1089 \u1090 \u1100 \u1102  \u1074 \u1085 \u1077  \u1074 \u1072 \u1096 \u1077 \u1081  \u1076 \u1086 \u1089 \u1103 \u1075 \u1072 \u1077 \u1084 \u1086 \u1089 \u1090 \u1080 : \u1085 \u1077  \u1088 \u1086 \u1076 \u1080 \u1090 \u1100 \u1089 \u1103 , \u1085 \u1077  \u1073 \u1099 \u1090 \u1100 , \u1085 \u1077  \u1073 \u1099 \u1083 \u1086  \u1085 \u1080 \u1095 \u1077 \u1075 \u1086 . \u1053 \u1086  \u1074 \u1090 \u1086 \u1088 \u1072 \u1103  \u1083 \u1091 \u1095 \u1096 \u1072 \u1103  \u1074 \u1077 \u1097 \u1100  \u1076 \u1083 \u1103  \u1074 \u1072 \u1089 , \u1095 \u1090 \u1086 \u1073 \u1099  \u1091 \u1084 \u1077 \u1088 \u1077 \u1090 \u1100  \u1074  \u1073 \u1083 \u1080 \u1078 \u1072 \u1081 \u1096 \u1077 \u1077  \u1074 \u1088 \u1077 \u1084 \u1103  
\f0\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\fi360\sl312\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
(Translates to a Nietzsche quote  
\f2\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'93The best of all things is something entirely outside your grasp: not to be born, not to be, to be nothing. But the second best thing for you is to die soon.\'94 
\f0\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  )\
\
I often think about our time together At Hook Rim and miss you deeply. I have found peace in my heart by occupying my mind and hands in my workshop.  I had hoped to give you this small gift in person.   But it wasn\'92t to be.\
\
Please be careful Marcus,\
\
Love, \
Edith\
\
The ring is engraved inside and out.   The outside reads At HO\'d8K RIM.  (Anagram for I AM Rothko)  The inside reads  267598413\
\
Using the letters \'93At HO\'d8K RIM\'94 we can code geo locations and locks.  \
\
2  6 7   5  9  8  4  1 3\
A T H O \'d8 K R I M\
becomes\
1 2  3  4  5  6  7  8  9\
I A M R O T H K \'d8\
\
\
\
}