{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\fi360\sl312\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
\
\
- Hidden compartment in a door\
- Scrambled letters\
Shadow message requiring light at just the right angle\
Reminders installed on her phones for location based alerts\
\
\
\
- (Cypher hidden in spine)\
- Directs her to a restaurant \
- At the restaurant, friends arrive wearing dark shades and with another clue.  It's a series of parts that need to be assembled. Once assembled, light must be shown through it to project a clue. \
- Directs her to the gallery she lives in DuPont\
- A man, hired via task rabbit, sits with a newspaper and a briefcase.  When he sees her, he approaches (leaving his book by the bench) he says, "there is safety in numbers" glances back at his book and leaves.  \
- The book has a sudoku puzzle, nearly finished.  The top lines are highlighted. Turning to those pages reveals Hand written messages.  \
- The notes tell a story that leads to another bar where more friends are waiting with a box that can only be opened by Rosey (perhaps it is a "book box". \
- In addition to moving between places, she needs to feel like she is saving the world. \
- Inside the book box, is a message, written in Arabic that tells her to find a code used by the terrorists and alert the gov via a secure line.  \
\
\
\
Temporary tattoo marks\
\
"The code is carried by the crow"\
Animal tattoos\
Costume item\
Token \
Orh\
Pass phrases \
\
\
\
\
\
}